Okay... Then
so they should make a movie
That's right..  because.. yeah... but...
I...   Well
There were meeting can movie of no movie but
Who's the loser?
Sound off from the TV series anyway, so.
The ring goes forward, the key comes out.  amm...
Other than that...
Wait
If  Legolas is seen...
pretty much the same age as the  yeah  um
What's her name?  Hmmm
Galadriel? Galadriel? Legolas?
Super older? Like woodland? What about woodland heat?
I know.
Yeah...
Super old too, right? Just like Galangal.
Like  Galangalio. so  Galanjio  is a lot older
Then  woodland king?
(***)
Ah  huh...
Who's like really video in the world.
Okay...   Yeah...
Well other thing  I  like oh yeah totally you  forgot  (***)
The other character I like is...
The... Um..
The third lizard.
Brad is gas. The only thing that he never really come back.
after the second movie.
Did he come out on the third part?
oh yeah yeah yeah that's right that's right that's the part
Oh yeah that's right he brings the ego and uh what's his name
Yeah...That's another favorite cat to view.
Bill and Bill Bill and Bill  (***)
Ha..  ha...  ha...  Each one has such a hard name.
I.... I like him.
That... You  know..
That that you know that place he was living
Yeah.
One of my memorable moments of that location is the bees.
The bees, they are so big
humongous bees
What about the story that he said that he's the last one of his kind?
Yeah..That's not from the book.. that...
Okay..  okay...
The last one, which kind of makes the whole thing more dramatic.
Yeah...   yeah...
Yeah...   So...
but he's uh i like the way he went
I hate..  I don't like doors but I hate...
More. Yeah..  yeah... I like that one.
So  why you need..? You know...  (***)He was willing to help.
but he's kind of the character that who can who can think
He... he...
He's able to distinguish the level of...     he able to Nike..
dislike and then he choose he's able to choose
Less dislike to dismore dislike.
You know what I mean? so.. yeah..
Ahh... huh...
Oh, God.
Did he say something that the young duck wanted?
Ohhhh...
Oh, the dead walking? Not dead walking?  What is...
Ohhhh....  She...  Okay...
Okay.
Ohhhh..... So that's why he went into the tomb to look for the proof.
Which he find it because the tomb was broken and he wasn't there
None of them?
Oh, okay. So it's not like one only been locked up in that.
Half  prize...?     Old nines.
Ohhh... whole  I see.. I see..
so everybody was locked up in that dungeon
I apposed that. They were buried there.. but the...
But the thing is, when he went, none of them were there.
you
Hhhhng............by the yeah  sorrow
Yeah...
Ah  huh...
Heyyyyyyyyyyyy....